terraform/azure/nat-gateway/dev/README.md, before:

## Documentation

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.14.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | 3.36.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_nat_gateway"></a> [nat\_gateway](#module\_nat\_gateway) | ../modules/nat-gateway | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_hub_rg_name"></a> [hub\_rg\_name](#input\_hub\_rg\_name) | The name of the resource grupe of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_hub_vnet_name"></a> [hub\_vnet\_name](#input\_hub\_vnet\_name) | The name of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_nat_gateway_name"></a> [nat\_gateway\_name](#input\_nat\_gateway\_name) | Name of the Nat Gateway | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_location"></a> [resource\_group\_location](#input\_resource\_group\_location) | The Azure Region where the Resource Group should exist. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of the resource group to be imported. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | The tags to associate with your network and subnets. | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Update: Refactoring Network subscription
Signed-off-by: Nicolas Lamirault <nicolas.lamirault@gmail.com>

terraform/azure/nat-gateway/dev/README.md, after:

## Documentation

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.14.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | 3.57.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_nat_gateway"></a> [nat\_gateway](#module\_nat\_gateway) | ../modules/nat-gateway | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_hub_rg_name"></a> [hub\_rg\_name](#input\_hub\_rg\_name) | The name of the resource grupe of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_hub_vnet_name"></a> [hub\_vnet\_name](#input\_hub\_vnet\_name) | The name of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_nat_gateway_name"></a> [nat\_gateway\_name](#input\_nat\_gateway\_name) | Name of the Nat Gateway | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_location"></a> [resource\_group\_location](#input\_resource\_group\_location) | The Azure Region where the Resource Group should exist. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of the resource group to be imported. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subscription_network_id"></a> [subscription\_network\_id](#input\_subscription\_network\_id) | The Subscription ID for Networking resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | The tags to associate with your network and subnets. | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
