terraform/azure/application-gateway/dev/README.md, before:

## Documentation

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | 3.36.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_application_gateway"></a> [application\_gateway](#module\_application\_gateway) | ../modules/application-gateway | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_hub_rg_name"></a> [hub\_rg\_name](#input\_hub\_rg\_name) | The name of the resource grupe of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_hub_vnet_name"></a> [hub\_vnet\_name](#input\_hub\_vnet\_name) | The name of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_service_name"></a> [service\_name](#input\_service\_name) | Specifies the name of the Application Gateway | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subnet_prefix"></a> [subnet\_prefix](#input\_subnet\_prefix) | The address prefix to use for the Application Gateway subnet | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Update: Refactoring Network subscription
Signed-off-by: Nicolas Lamirault <nicolas.lamirault@gmail.com>

terraform/azure/application-gateway/dev/README.md, after:

## Documentation

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | 3.57.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_application_gateway"></a> [application\_gateway](#module\_application\_gateway) | ../modules/application-gateway | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_hub_rg_name"></a> [hub\_rg\_name](#input\_hub\_rg\_name) | The name of the resource grupe of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_hub_vnet_name"></a> [hub\_vnet\_name](#input\_hub\_vnet\_name) | The name of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_service_name"></a> [service\_name](#input\_service\_name) | Specifies the name of the Application Gateway | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subnet_prefix"></a> [subnet\_prefix](#input\_subnet\_prefix) | The address prefix to use for the Application Gateway subnet | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subscription_network_id"></a> [subscription\_network\_id](#input\_subscription\_network\_id) | The Subscription ID for Networking resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
