terraform/aws/guardduty/modules/guardduty/README.md, before:

## Documentation

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | 4.48.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 4.34.0 |
| <a name="provider_aws.audit"></a> [aws.audit](#provider\_aws.audit) | 4.34.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_eventbridge"></a> [eventbridge](#module\_eventbridge) | terraform-aws-modules/eventbridge/aws | 1.17.0 |
| <a name="module_sns_topic"></a> [sns\_topic](#module\_sns\_topic) | terraform-aws-modules/sns/aws | 5.0.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_guardduty_detector.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/4.48.0/docs/resources/guardduty_detector) | resource |
| [aws_guardduty_organization_admin_account.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/4.48.0/docs/resources/guardduty_organization_admin_account) | resource |
| [aws_iam_policy.audit_account](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/4.48.0/docs/resources/iam_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.assume_root](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/4.48.0/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.audit_account](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/4.48.0/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/4.48.0/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.audit_account_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/4.48.0/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_audit_account_id"></a> [audit\_account\_id](#input\_audit\_account\_id) | ID of the Audit AWS Account | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_display_name"></a> [display\_name](#input\_display\_name) | The display name for the SNS topic | `string` | `"Managed by Terraform"` | no |
| <a name="input_org_name"></a> [org\_name](#input\_org\_name) | Name of the AWS Organization | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_service_name"></a> [service\_name](#input\_service\_name) | Name of the service | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_sns_create_topic"></a> [sns\_create\_topic](#input\_sns\_create\_topic) | Whether to create the SNS topic | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags for AWS resources | `map(string)` | <pre>{<br>  "Service": "GuardDuty"<br>}</pre> | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Update: GuardDuty configuration
Signed-off-by: Nicolas Lamirault <nicolas.lamirault@gmail.com>

terraform/aws/guardduty/modules/guardduty/README.md, after:

## Documentation

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | 5.10.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | 5.0.0 |
| <a name="provider_aws.audit"></a> [aws.audit](#provider\_aws.audit) | 5.0.0 |
| <a name="provider_aws.security"></a> [aws.security](#provider\_aws.security) | 5.0.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_eventbridge"></a> [eventbridge](#module\_eventbridge) | terraform-aws-modules/eventbridge/aws | 2.3.0 |
| <a name="module_sns_topic"></a> [sns\_topic](#module\_sns\_topic) | terraform-aws-modules/sns/aws | 5.3.0 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_guardduty_detector.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/resources/guardduty_detector) | resource |
| [aws_guardduty_organization_admin_account.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/resources/guardduty_organization_admin_account) | resource |
| [aws_guardduty_organization_configuration.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/resources/guardduty_organization_configuration) | resource |
| [aws_guardduty_publishing_destination.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/resources/guardduty_publishing_destination) | resource |
| [aws_iam_policy.audit_account](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/resources/iam_policy) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.assume_root](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy_attachment.audit_account](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/resources/iam_role_policy_attachment) | resource |
| [aws_caller_identity.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/data-sources/caller_identity) | data source |
| [aws_iam_policy_document.audit_account_policy](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/5.10.0/docs/data-sources/iam_policy_document) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_audit_account_id"></a> [audit\_account\_id](#input\_audit\_account\_id) | ID of the Audit AWS Account | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_auto_enable_organization_members"></a> [auto\_enable\_organization\_members](#input\_auto\_enable\_organization\_members) | Indicates the auto-enablement configuration of GuardDuty for the member accounts in the organization. Valid values are `ALL`, `NEW`, `NONE`. | `string` | `"NEW"` | no |
| <a name="input_display_name"></a> [display\_name](#input\_display\_name) | The display name for the SNS topic | `string` | `"Managed by Terraform"` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_kubernetes_protection"></a> [enable\_kubernetes\_protection](#input\_enable\_kubernetes\_protection) | Configure and enable Kubernetes audit logs as a data source for Kubernetes protection. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_malware_protection"></a> [enable\_malware\_protection](#input\_enable\_malware\_protection) | Configure and enable Malware Protection as data source for EC2 instances with findings for the detector. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_enable_s3_protection"></a> [enable\_s3\_protection](#input\_enable\_s3\_protection) | Configure and enable S3 protection. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_finding_publishing_frequency"></a> [finding\_publishing\_frequency](#input\_finding\_publishing\_frequency) | Specifies the frequency of notifications sent for subsequent finding occurrences. If the detector is a GuardDuty member account, the value is determined by the GuardDuty primary account and cannot be modified. For standalone and GuardDuty primary accounts, it must be configured in Terraform to enable drift detection. Valid values for standalone and primary accounts: `FIFTEEN_MINUTES`, `ONE_HOUR`, `SIX_HOURS`. Defaults to `SIX_HOURS`. | `string` | `"FIFTEEN_MINUTES"` | no |
| <a name="input_org_name"></a> [org\_name](#input\_org\_name) | Name of the AWS Organization | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_service_name"></a> [service\_name](#input\_service\_name) | Name of the service | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_sns_create_topic"></a> [sns\_create\_topic](#input\_sns\_create\_topic) | Whether to create the SNS topic | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Tags for AWS resources | `map(string)` | <pre>{<br>  "Service": "GuardDuty"<br>}</pre> | no |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
