terraform/azure/traffic-manager/dev/README.md, before:

## Documentation

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | 3.36.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_traffic_manager"></a> [traffic\_manager](#module\_traffic\_manager) | ../modules/traffic-manager | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_appgw_westeurope_ip_name"></a> [appgw\_westeurope\_ip\_name](#input\_appgw\_westeurope\_ip\_name) | Name of the IP Address for the Application Gateway | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_hub_rg_name"></a> [hub\_rg\_name](#input\_hub\_rg\_name) | The name of the resource grupe of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_profile_name"></a> [profile\_name](#input\_profile\_name) | Traffic Manager profile name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_location"></a> [resource\_group\_location](#input\_resource\_group\_location) | The Azure Region where the Resource Group for Traffic Manager should exist. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of the resource group for Traffic Manager | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

Update: Refactoring Network subscription
Signed-off-by: Nicolas Lamirault <nicolas.lamirault@gmail.com>

terraform/azure/traffic-manager/dev/README.md, after:

## Documentation

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | 3.57.0 |

## Providers

No providers.

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_traffic_manager"></a> [traffic\_manager](#module\_traffic\_manager) | ../modules/traffic-manager | n/a |

## Resources

No resources.

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_appgw_westeurope_ip_name"></a> [appgw\_westeurope\_ip\_name](#input\_appgw\_westeurope\_ip\_name) | Name of the IP Address for the Application Gateway | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_hub_rg_name"></a> [hub\_rg\_name](#input\_hub\_rg\_name) | The name of the resource grupe of the Hub virtual network | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_profile_name"></a> [profile\_name](#input\_profile\_name) | Traffic Manager profile name | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_location"></a> [resource\_group\_location](#input\_resource\_group\_location) | The Azure Region where the Resource Group for Traffic Manager should exist. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of the resource group for Traffic Manager | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_subscription_network_id"></a> [subscription\_network\_id](#input\_subscription\_network\_id) | The Subscription ID for Networking resources | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | A map of tags to add to all resources | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

No outputs.
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
